# ECEN-403---Team-39

Our project is about making an inventory that tracks the items that have been checked out from the capstone lab. The application will allow for students to log into a team account and reserve equipment for use in their Capstone projects. TAs will have the ability to approve their equipment requests and grant any extra permissions that may be needed by the teams. With a ML model users will be able to scan equipment and receive results on the category of the item, making it easier to store the equipment available in the lab.

During the process of TAMU capstone design, many teams require the use of equipment from the capstone lab. When these capstone projects are completed, all of the borrowed equipment needs to be inventoried and correctly stored for use in future capstone projects. This process is time consuming, tedious, and prone to errors. The Smart Inventory system intends to increase the efficiency of this process while also reducing the amount of errors.

The Smart Inventory system will include a machine learning model that will perform image recognition on equipment in the inventory. This will lessen the potential of equipment being misidentified, and therefore stored incorrectly and inventoried wrong. This will also increase the efficiency of the check-in process by allowing a user placing items into storage to simply scan the equipment and then put it in the storage location that the application returns. This removes the need for the user to have to search for the item's location and input the check-in information themself.


The Smart Inventory system will be an application that will make inventory management more efficient and accurate. The application will reduce the time required for equipment check-ins and check outs for both students and TAs as well as reducing the likelihood of equipment being misplaced. The system will give students the ability to request equipment through the app which tracks all equipment check outs. The system will also identify equipment and inform TAs of the location that it is to be stored. The application will also handle forms necessary for checking out certain equipment. The Smart Inventory will use machine learning and image recognition to identify equipment to reduce incorrect check-ins, storage locations, and inventorying.
